all hail the return of the overlord the
one true evil oh no not you the real
overlord I've always been loyal to evil
I don't ask questions evil is as evil
does welcome back sire I am home even if
I did have to eat you right inside this
recent and weary body I believe you've
met my daughter's rose as if I'd let you
get away with ditching me for that harpy
in black lace she has been most useful
to me and then there's velvet I don't
think she's quite made up her mind yet
well a girl has to keep her options open
my darling you thought you'd killed me
he didn't you you and your hero friends
but I'd planned a little trip you see
really get under good skin literally
that who was it 41 until i purged his
very soul and became one with his mortal
caucus now that you'll agree is a
cunning plan one by one the others fell
to my corrupting influence
those walls of goodness purity of pds
one just has to know where to push and
as for you you fell and they left you
behind in their desperation to become
heroes I gave you a second chance a
different path you refuse to me but now
you're just in my way millions
we are your minions sire here is nothing
compared to you you're so feeling
evilness
I believe you've been following my
spells
I shall illuminate your physical
presence you already dealt with the
others for me
Oh
must be a way to stop him
I've got it
velvet where are you going
foolish girl you have damaged the tower
heart never trust family no matter once
I absorb your energy I will restore it
to its full power minions
you
Wow
you could have been a hero just let you
now
I've weakened the tower heart darling
now you need to go after him get your
minions back that's the only way you'll
stand a chance there are bugs in there
does no one sweep up around here nothing
like a little snack with your
entertainment
master master master
sorry sweetie he just barged in with
that pretty ice maiden in tow